Welcome to the product design and metrics interview questions section of the Course many times when
it comes to the onsite stage of a data science interview the questions will start to be more open ended
and you're going to be asked to design or analyze possible products or features related to company metrics.
The best way to practice these questions is to literally talk out your thought process out loud because
these questions are more open ended.
Don't take the provided solutions as the only possible correct answer if you're approaching these questions
with the right mindset.
It should feel more like a conversation than a answer or monologue.
Let's go ahead and get started.
I'll see you at the first question.